[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LILOU: Hello, my
juicy co-creators.
Lilou here.
I'm in Boulder,
Colorado for part two.
Because our conversation the
other day with Robert Ohotto
was so juicy, so fulfilling
I wanted to get more of him.
And I'm sure you do, too.
So, as you might remember, he is
this intuitive life strategist.
He wrote this wonderful book
called "Transforming Faith
into Destiny."
You have to watch
this other video.
It was really, really,
thick, dense, amazing.
I love it.
And light and wonderful.
Very practical.
We left this conversation
talking of authenticity.
I would love if you can
summarize just a little bit
before we get into this
authentic conversation.
Because we're going to go on
a safari of consciousness.
Are you ready?
[LAUGHTER]
We're going to get
there co-creators.
Because this has to be tangible.
This has to be embodied.
>>ROBERT OHOTTO: Right.
>>LILOU: Because this is time.
The time is now, isn't it?
>>OHOTTO: Yeah.
I think that's a good
point about destiny.
It's something that's
lived on the Earth.
I think that a lot
of times we, right?
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: But a lot
of us think, like,
it's something I have to do
that gets me off the Earth,
you know?
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: But I think that
you're here to engage.
I mean, this is all God.
So you're going to rock
it here or you're not
rocking it anywhere.
You know?
So it's how do you rock
it while you're here
and bring your juiciness--
>>LILOU: Yeah!
>>OHOTTO: Forward and
live it in the world.
And give your gifts.
And connect.
And make connections.
And serve other people.
So I'm happy to continue
that conversation.
>>LILOU: Yeah
>>OHOTTO: Because
that's kind of,
you know, all this inner
work, what's it for?
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: What's it for?
I mean if it's
coming from shame,
then it's to get
out of a lifetime.
Or fix yourself.
Or redeem yourself
with some wrathful God.
But if that's not
true, then what
are you doing your work for?
And what I've seen in my field
in terms of working intuitively
with people and
tracking their psyche.
And entering into that
space and that territory
is that you're here
to make connections.
You're here to serve others
and connect with them
through your talents,
your gifts, your skills.
And your authenticity.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
Until we're hiding some stuff
and thinking of ourselves
that we're not good
enough, and less than,
and comparing, and being
in this competitive world,
and being shameful
of those things,
we're never going to thrive.
And as a society either.
I mean there's a huge
shift to be made, right?
>>OHOTTO: I would even
say it differently.
I would say you're
not going to thrive
until you accept even that.
Because we're all going
to be bouncing around
in our insecurity and
comparing ourselves.
I'm going to go compare myself
in five minutes to somebody.
You know what I mean?
So how about we just
learn how to be with it.
And then if we are with
it, maybe just maybe,
I'm just going to
say, we're going
to get a conscious
choice out of that
on how to engage with our heart.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: That's the goal.
Because, you know,
your heart shuts down
when you're in comparison mode.
Or if you're in that
shame-based mode.
But to really love
yourself unconditionally
with unconditional
presence, you have
to be OK with the
part of you that
does the comparing and all that.
You know?
You have to enfold
that into the love.
So once you do that,
I think you start
to land in what authenticity
is really about.
>>LILOU: How do you define it?
>>OHOTTO: I think
it's, you know,
the Greeks called
it authenticos.
You know, it's this
idea of authority,
and writing your own story,
and being able to-- I
would say, how does
that look in this life?
It looks like being able
to make conscious choice.
You know?
So what does that look
like on a given day?
Well, you stay and
you cultivate OK-ness.
You have a crap day,
something triggers you,
you're OK with it.
You don't have to like it.
We're not going to like stuff.
And this isn't a fake it til
you make it, Mary Kay like it.
Right?
>>LILOU: Yeah, I
never understood that.
>>LILOU: This is I
don't really like this,
but I'm going to accept it.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: And acceptance
doesn't mean you like things.
So if you can do that,
though, and the more
that you're able to,
the more that you're
going to stop fighting
your own experience.
And authenticity
to me is you being
present to your experience in
the moment without condition.
Like I am just here.
I'm just this dude sitting
here, having this experience
of the moment without
any conditions.
I can just be me.
And if that means,
you know what,
you did something that just
pissed me off, or made me sad,
or I just lost my dog.
Well, then your
experience is you're sad.
>>LILOU: But how about if
the sadness lasts too long
and you're just stuck
there and depressed?
>>OHOTTO: Well, I've
seen that people
think that's some
type-- it's like grief,
for example, is what
you're talking about,
has its own cycle.
You know, you don't tell
someone who lost their wife,
or their husband, or partner,
or animal, get over it,
it's been a month.
You have to let your
own heart negotiate
the process of
loss and grieving.
And I think the more
that you just allow,
it just somehow one day you're
like, I'm not so sad today.
>>LILOU: Because we hold
onto stuff, don't we?
>>OHOTTO: Yeah and
then it's like you're
fighting your own experience.
If your experience
is loss and sadness,
that's your experience.
It doesn't mean you like it.
>>LILOU: There's a payoff.
>>OHOTTO: But it is part of the
textures of OK-ness of living.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: And it can be,
anyway, if you let it be.
And authenticity can
emerge in that sense of I'm
just going to be present with
my first genuine response
to the moment.
>>LILOU: It's amazing how when
one person is authentic or when
we are authentic, we
feel the body expand.
There's a certain
experience in the body.
I mean this is like an amazing
temple, an amazing tool,
isn't it?
>>OHOTTO: It's like
an intuitive antenna.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: And so what people
tend to do is they will,
they'll kind of tune out
of their own antenna.
Think about the things
we do in our culture.
You know, if we're
sad, we take a pill.
If we're anxious,
we take a pill.
I mean, I'm being extreme,
but I'm just making a point.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: And I'm
not saying there's
anything wrong
with that, per se.
Sometimes you need
to take a pill.
[LAUGHTER]
OK, you know what I mean?
But how do you
metabolize your life?
How do you let
life into yourself?
And what are the conditions
that you'll put up and say,
I won't metabolize this,
but it's already there.
So you're either going
to let it in or not.
Or fight or resist
your experience or not.
But I'm just going to suggest,
energetically, the more
that you allow your experience
to be what it actually
is, let it in, you get moved by
greater forces, your intuition,
by your guidance
squad, by your own life
force to the next thing.
You don't mentalize or deny
and strategize grief away.
>>LILOU: It's not like you're
being 100% responsible either.
It's different.
>>OHOTTO: There's
accountability and then there's
responsibility.
You know, so you're
accountable, for example,
to your choices you
make because they all
have karmic consequences.
And it's a technical
phenomena to me.
It doesn't make you bad
person if you choose something
and it crash and burns.
I mean, we all have that happen.
But that's just the
technical level of the karma.
And karma is something
that's even, that said,
outside of your own control.
For example, I think a lot
of us would look something
like an event like 9/11 and if
we were to really take a bigger
picture step back at the
karmic nature of that event,
that event was set in motion.
And I know this because if you
watch there's a lot of TV shows
and a lot of books
been written by people
that lost loved
ones in that event.
And I personally was part
of that event at the time.
I worked for American Airlines.
I was a flight attendant
based in Boston.
>>LILOU: Oh la la.
>>OHOTTO: And we were
coming in off of an aircraft
the night before from
San Diego to Boston.
And I still lived in Chicago.
So I commuted from
Boston to Chicago.
You gotta track this.
We had a code word that we
would use if we were hijacked.
I was working first class,
because that's how I roll.
OK?
[LAUGHTER]
>>LILOU: Man!
This guy's got some--
>>OHOTTO: I was
up in first class
and this is back when you could
draw the opaque curtain, right?
There was an opaque
curtain between cabins.
And this flight attendant
from coach came up
and she used the code word
out of the blue of hijacking.
This is the night before 9/11.
That event was in the
psychic field karmically
long before those
guys got on the plane.
I went to flight
attendant training
with somebody who died in the
plane that hit the first tower.
And a colleague of mine
that I flew with later
was with him that morning as
he was boarding that flight
and he was depressed
and he didn't know why.
And this is a guy that
was gregarious and funny.
And she went up to him and she
said, what's wrong with you?
And he's like, I don't
know, there's just
something really wrong.
So this flight attendant
comes up the night
before, I'm on the
flight, and she
uses this code
word for hijacking.
And that alerted me and I went,
why did you just say that?
And then I'm starting to
think are we being hijacked.
>>LILOU: You don't joke
about these kind of things.
>>OHOTTO: You do not.
And she said, I don't even
know why I just said that.
And that, I intuitively
went, something's up.
And I started thinking
about what would I
do if there was a hijacking.
Well, flash forward,
the next day,
I'm waking up in Chicago
having flown in, commuted
in from the night,
and 9/11's happening.
And what I intuitively
feel about that event
karmically, for example,
is that the forces that
set that event in
motion were hundreds
of years in the making.
On the level of Earth school,
on the level of the patterns,
on the level of the god,
my god, my Islamic god
versus your Christian
god, those were
hundreds of years in the
making that led to that event.
People look at it as, oh, this
just happened out of the blue.
You don't understand karma.
You don't understand karma then.
Those forces-- so
karma is impersonal.
And it's also human in that
sense of the psychic field
of the Earth and how things
move and how things happen here.
So look at choice.
If you bring shame
to it, you think
it's a sense of
hyper responsibility.
In other words, you
could make a decision,
but there's other forces set in
motion maybe hundreds of years
ago already influencing
what the karmic consequence
of your choice will be.
>>LILOU: Yes.
>>OHOTTO: You can't-- it's
enormous to understand
the hologram of energy in that.
So when you look at this
from the point of view
of choice and
empowerment and destiny.
>>LILOU: And from an
intuitive perspective, too.
>>OHOTTO: An
intuitive perspective.
>>LILOU: Because
this is awesome.
That's why we're talking on
the practical level here.
>>OHOTTO: Right.
Practical level.
You have to do your best.
Come from your truest
intention, come
from your heart, and the rest
is up to the gods, if you will.
Or up to life.
Or up to the other karmic forces
that you don't even know about.
You know, and that's where, I
mean, I'm guilty of this, too,
like we get so
frustrated with timing.
We want things to happen now.
>>LILOU: Oh, but that's doubt.
>>OHOTTO: But it's
also a sense of urgency
that can also be you
saying to the universe,
I don't really
believe this'll ever
happen for me because
you don't love me enough.
So I'm going to have
to make it happen.
You know, it's this law of--
>>LILOU: But that's
paradigm shift, isn't it?
>>OHOTTO: Yeah.
This is the paradigm
shift, it's beginning
to say, look, what's destined
for me, it's on, man.
This is going to happen for me.
I will not be blocked from
giving my grace to life.
That's not-- anything
else is an illusion.
If you believe anything,
I will not be blocked.
The doors that are meant to
open for me, they're opening.
shut for me, they're shutting.
You know, it goes both ways.
But I will not be-- it's not all
on every single micro choice I
make whether or not I fulfill
a sense of grace delivery
to life.
You know, doors open for me
that I could have never planned.
>>LILOU: Yeah, there's kind
of like this existence,
consciousness, and like
this bliss, isn't there?
>>OHOTTO: This is the thing
about the destined life, right?
I mean, it's so dynamic, there's
so many levels and layers.
And in the end, the truest
compass is your authenticity.
The truest compass is this.
And so one of the things I
would say about authenticity
is if you move from let's say
your urgency to get worthiness,
then you won't be nourished.
It's an insecure ambition.
Insecure ambition
is always going
to be attached to outcome.
Why?
Because that outcome has
to give you worthiness.
It has to validate you.
So if you're moving
from that place in life,
it's like chasing a carrot.
And even if you get the
carrot, it's allusive.
Because my point being
you never get down
to eating a nourishing
meal of living
a loving and
self-appreciated life.
Because you're always feeling
like worthiness is out there,
I gotta go get it
and make it happen.
Versus I move from
power and worthiness
and therefore I'm not in
servitude, I'm in service.
You know that other--
>>LILOU: Very different.
>>OHOTTO: --way of
going is insecure.
>>LILOU: Because it feels
we're slaves of our own lives.
I mean this is really feels like
this is part of the paradigm
shift, breaking free
from those chains.
They're invisible,
but they're there.
>>OHOTTO: They're
there and they're
very insidious
and sometimes very
hard to detect because
of it's so natural for us
to default to shame.
And to default to I'm not
worthy, I'm not good enough.
It's kind of what we know.
So to really live in a
different zone of real true,
and how do you
get to worthiness?
I mean how do you
actually get there?
I kind of think it's
like Buddha saying,
you know what, you're already
enlightened, just wake up.
That's it, wake up.
That's it.
You know there's nothing
to do for worthiness.
There's nothing to
be for worthiness.
If you leave that truth,
now you're in duality.
Now you're in the
right, wrong choice.
Now you're in the if I
don't make this choice,
if this doesn't happen for
me, then all bets are off.
My destiny's lost.
There's no truth in that at all.
There's higher forces.
Everyone has, I call
it your guidance squad.
Like this team.
>>LILOU: How about angels?
>>OHOTTO: Same thing, really.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: Just how I
like to look at it.
Like this team of peeps.
Spiritual peeps around
you in the energy world.
Watching out for you, speaking
through your intuition,
guiding you along.
Helping you feel
your choices and make
choices that serve your truth.
>>LILOU: So how can
we start communicating
or having their help?
>>OHOTTO: I'll tell you one of
the first things you got to do,
you have to be willing
to feel your feelings.
Most people aren't willing
to feel their feelings
unconditionally.
They're conditional
with how they feel.
But you know, who wants to
sit down and feel anxiety?
[LAUGHTER]
Right?
>>LILOU: I have enough of that.
>>OHOTTO: Or fear.
It's like, oh, yeah,
can I just sit down
and feel some fear for a while?
But my point being, the
more unconditionally
you can be with your feelings,
the more unconditional
you can be with your guidance.
>>LILOU: Yes.
>>OHOTTO: So then your intuition
can flow more directly.
Because your feelings are
part of your intuitive system.
So if people want to locate
destiny, or destined,
or truth choices, or the next
true choice for themselves,
what do you feel?
Start with--
>>LILOU: The heart?
>>OHOTTO: Move
out of here, down.
I'd even say, like, how do
your feet feel about it?
How does your butt feel about
what you're going to do?
>>LILOU: That's a good one.
>>OHOTTO: Right?
I mean, how do your arms feel?
Tune in to the rest of you.
Because you are this
energetic antenna.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: And when you're up
in the either/or thinking,
you're not going to get useful
information or guidance.
It's all either/or,
it's all black or white,
it's all I'm wrong or right.
You know?
>>LILOU: Yeah, so it's a
shift of matter to energy.
>>OHOTTO: You could look
at it that way, yeah.
It's a shift from--
into the emotional--
>>LILOU: Or fear to love.
>>OHOTTO: Emotional body.
>>LILOU: Emotional body.
>>OHOTTO: Yeah,
the emotional body.
But you know fear
sometimes is guidance too.
You know?
I live in Boulder where we have
mountain lions in my backyard.
I have rattlesnakes.
I have coyote packs.
>>LILOU: Right.
>>OHOTTO: I mean so I'm glad I'm
a little afraid sometimes when
I take my dog out at night.
Fear is not a bad thing.
>>LILOU: But you're not
shaking or in such a trance
that you can't, you're
not present to it.
You're like OK, I'm not
going to go out there.
>>OHOTTO: There's real
fear which guides you.
And then there's
trauma fear which
is fear that's been
the byproduct of trauma
from the past that's not real.
You know, and that's when
you're afraid of something
that actually isn't threatening.
It's like your body having a
histamine reaction to pollen.
Pollen's not going to hurt you.
Your body's mistaking
it as if it would.
And so we have an
allergic reaction;
our body generates its defenses
and the immune system amps up.
That's the kind of fear
that's a toxic level of fear.
But there's healthy fear.
You know, I'm glad I'm
afraid of mountain lions.
Just saying.
>>LILOU: So in the
part one, we talked
of the shadow work and the
solace team and all of that.
But really I feel, I mean
what's your forte obviously,
you're an intuitive.
And here we're speaking
of authenticity
because the more
we're authentic,
the more we're really
hearing this clear
it becomes really pure then.
It's a really, it's a
really quick, how does it--
because we hear some
people are clairvoyant,
other-- what is the difference?
>>OHOTTO: I think your intuition
can speak to you in many ways.
A lot of us have a
particular kind of forte.
So I'm very claircognizant,
I just know stuff.
But I also feel things.
So I kind of mix both together.
But the thing that I
would also add to that
is no matter what
your forte is, you
have to look at what is eating
up your bandwidth of guidance.
So if you've got a trauma
that hasn't been resolved,
well, your guidance
is going to get
filtered through that trauma.
You know, for example,
there was a psychic
I knew once who
would read people
and she would tell them if
their parents were abusive
that their mother or
father was a dark spirit.
And I thought, wait
a minute, my father
was insanely abusive to me.
Like he threatened
my life a few times,
tried to shoot me with a gun.
I mean, I went
through some crap.
>>LILOU: Wow.
>>OHOTTO: And I never saw
my father as a dark spirit,
I saw him as a wounded man.
And someone who was in pain.
But not a dark spirit.
>>LILOU: Right.
>>OHOTTO: And so I can see that.
I can perceive that that way
because I'm not cluttering up
bandwidth with
victim consciousness.
Or, you know, right,
wrong, good, or bad.
And you're evil or good.
And I'm not in that paradigm.
That's not where I live.
That's not where I read
soul contracts from.
Because we just are living.
You know, we're just having
experiences in awakening.
You know, there's no right
or wrong or good about it
really at the end of the day.
There's pain and
suffering, there's
disconnection and
connection, maybe perhaps.
But at the end of the
day, if you want clarity,
what clutters up your bandwidth.
And that's where you start to
go what trauma would create
a filter of
perception in my life.
You know, like that psychic.
She would never be
able to read somebody
with that kind of clarity of
what was the soul contract.
The soul agreement in some
way to experience maybe abuse
or absorb pain from this parent
and transmute or transform it
to destiny.
>>LILOU: Because you have
to hear beyond the chatter.
The chatting earthy thing.
I guess you kind of
raise your vibration.
Can we say that?
>>OHOTTO: I think it's
about, shadow work
is actually going down though.
It's like I'm going to
go down into the dark.
>>LILOU: Yeah, but for
you to hear the up.
>>OHOTTO: Oh, yeah for when
I do a reading on somebody,
there is a vibrational shift.
I actually get hot and I feel
my nervous system amp up.
And I get, actually,
I sometimes have
to walk around a
little bit because I
feel this voltage
kind of coming in.
That's in like if I'm reading
someone's soul contract.
>>LILOU: Wow
>>OHOTTO: And there's different
levels of reading, I think,
we can engage in.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: That's a whole other
kind of level of intuition.
I think there's different
types of intuition.
>>LILOU: Because those
antennas, some people
say they're out so much
that it's draining them.
And you have to kind of learn.
Some shut their power.
>>OHOTTO: Yeah, to boot down.
To take your receptivity down.
Yeah, sure.
Absolutely.
I mean that's happened.
That's something I've had to
continually practice and master
for myself so that I can stay
in my personal zone, as well.
>>LILOU: Yeah, yeah.
Oh my goodness,
there's some energy
vampires out there, aren't they?
>>OHOTTO: Yeah.
>>LILOU: And we allow it.
>>OHOTTO: Yeah, we
have fascination
with that archetype,
the vampire.
I mean that's why all those
vampire movies are out there.
I think that's interesting.
Yeah.
I think that always
speaks about where
we're going through and
growing through as a culture.
I think we're kind
of ready to start
looking beyond a
narcissistic idea of destiny
into one that's really
about connection.
And that's what I think
that's for, you know?
Because the vampire,
the vampire is
part of a wounded
energy in us that
can't see itself in the mirror.
It can't see its light.
It needs to take life force
from other people to feel alive.
To sustain its life.
It's like a black hole in space.
It can suck light out of space.
Well, people can be like that.
And it's called a
narcissist complex.
You know?
But I think the journey of
destiny and one levelness field
is also how do we
illumine and create
a nuclear fusion from within?
And therefore, I don't need
you to necessarily tell me
how awesome I am, I'm just
going to give you light
because it's my nature.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
Tell us about the
power of prayer.
Precious, because we're
used to those texts that
were already written.
>>OHOTTO: Yeah.
>>LILOU: I feel it's
quite spontaneous thing.
>>OHOTTO: Yeah, I think and
I have to say in my life,
I've had moments where
I've said soul prayers.
I'll give you a recent one.
We had a massive
flood here in Boulder.
And I luckily live a little
bit in the foothills,
so I felt pretty safe.
But everyone was taking
a hit by the time
it was all said and done.
Because it just was that bad.
And I had a moment
where I had to go out
and I had to start clearing
the gutters of my house
off because water was starting
to seep down some of my walls
and it was going to
cause some damage.
So I get out there and
I go out my back garage
and it's one of those doors
that locks on its own.
And then once I'm
locked, I'm locked out.
I swear to you, I
walked out the back
and as soon as that door shut,
I knew I'd been locked out.
And I thought,
really, seriously?
Life?
God?
Angels?
And I said a prayer to my
father who has passed on.
And I said, I need you
to open my front door.
>>LILOU: That practical!
My god.
>>OHOTTO: But that
came from here.
And it's happened
before where I've
had those moments where
something, it came from this.
>>LILOU: Right.
>>OHOTTO: And I
just said, I need
to walk and open
that front door.
I cannot be out
here in the rain.
I'm going to have
to break a window.
I walked around and that
front door was open.
And it was locked before
I left that house.
And I remember I felt
sick in my stomach
because I kept thinking
what if it's not open.
But I knew it would be.
I could feel the soul prayer.
I call it a soul prayer.
Because we say ego prayers.
Wounded ego prayers.
And it's make this
person stay and love me.
Don't let them leave me.
You know, and we
all have said them.
And I'll probably say one later.
So you know it's--
[LAUGHTER]
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>OHOTTO: Instead of, you know
what, if it's meant to be,
let us find a common
new connection
in this relationship.
That's a soul prayer.
You know, it's I give
up the need for things
to be a certain way and I
move into guidance and the way
that they are meant to be.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
So those are little destiny
bits that are there already.
>>OHOTTO: Yeah,
prayer is powerful.
>>LILOU: It's like
it's coming out,
but it's already
there as you say.
>>OHOTTO: You can summon.
I really believe you can summon
higher and greater forces
through an engaging
and invocation of them.
I know that's true for me.
>>LILOU: Do we have
to do meditation
to get to that state?
>>OHOTTO: I think you just
have to come from here.
>>LILOU: Do you meditate?
>>OHOTTO: I do meditate.
Yeah, I try to
meditate every day.
I do yoga.
You know.
I think--
>>LILOU: You watch Gaiam videos?
>>OHOTTO: Yeah, hello.
So I have my own practice
that kind of keeps me
kind of in the zone
for my own self.
But I think, you
know, really there
is no substitute for just
getting out in the world,
and connecting, and
risking connection,
and living, and getting messy.
That's where destiny's
going to happen.
It's not going to
happen to us-- I always,
when I used to teach yoga,
because I used to teach yoga
back in the day, and I
used to tell the students--
>>LILOU: How many lives
did you have in one?
>>OHOTTO: I was a DJ, flight
attendant, taught yoga.
I used to tell
the yoga students,
you know, the real yoga happens
once you leave this classroom.
This is preparation for that.
Don't confuse this.
So that, to me, is
how I try to live.
Like those meditative
practices are
to locate myself so I
can then take me to life.
>>LILOU: Yes.
>>OHOTTO: And say,
hi, Lilou, hi, Gaiam.
You know, and kind
of engage people.
>>LILOU: Beautiful, Robert.
Thank you so much
for this part two.
>>OHOTTO: That's authenticity.
Yeah, taking yourself to life.
>>LILOU: Yes.
Beautiful.
Thank you.
Thank you for watching
this beautiful interview.
Another great interview
with you, Robert.
Thank you.
>>OHOTTO: It was my pleasure.
>>LILOU: I look forward
to meeting you maybe
next time en France.
>>OHOTTO: Oui.
[FRENCH]
[LAUGHTER]
>>LILOU: Much, much love
my delicious co-creators.
Thank you for watching.
And this is the book,
"Transforming Fate
Into Destiny."
I look forward to
reading your comments
about this conversation.
Thank you.
Bye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]